# Handcricket-Game
This is a really interesting simple game, especially when you're bored or when you and your friends have nothing to do.  Step 1: Choosing Who Bats or Bowls- First of all you decide who bats or bowls first you can decide by choosing odd or eve(first both of you , you and computer choose something either odd or eve , then put a number from 1-6 on both your hands at the same time, then suppose the number you put and the number computer put add up to an even number, and if you've chosen eve then you can choose whether you'll bat or bowl and the same thing your computer if he/she wins )  Step 2: The Match-After that if you're batting ,both of you put a number(only from one to six) at the same and then if computer didn't put the same number as you then the number you put will add to the number of run you have scored. You keep going on like this until finally your opponent puts the same number as you. After he/she puts the same number as you, you are OUT. then it's their turn to bat if you have lost all the wickets( You will get the chance to choose no of wickets u wish to play with before the match). Computer also do the same thing until they finally become out. If their score is more than your score then they win , if your score is more than computer's score then you win, or else match is tied.  This is an extremely popular past time among school children and was an integral part of our school as well as college lives, so I took the initiative of making this game in computer so that when friends are not there we can still play with the computer.  I hope you enjoyed this game and find it useful and fun. :)  Language Used- C
